Hamilton Trivia
1. Where was Alexander Hamilton born?
 		 Puerto Rico
* 		 Nevis Island, West Indies
 		 Philadelphia
 		 Florida Keys

3. Which of the following did Alexander Hamilton help create?
* 		 The United States Revenue Cutter Service (Coast Guard)
 		 The United States Postal Service
 		 The United States Marines
 		 The Department of Defense
 		
4. What was the name of the infamous location where Alexander Hamilton dueled with Aaron Burr?
		 The O.K. Corral
 		 Dealey Plaza
 		 *Weehawken
 		 Ford’s Theater

After Hamilton passed away, did dueling decline or increase in popularity?
*		 Increased in popularity
 		 Decreased
8. How did Alexander Hamilton’s son, Philip, pass away?
 		 During battle
 *		 In a duel
 		 Drowned at sea
 		 Smallpox
9. Which of Alexander Hamilton’s family members helped raise funds to construct the Washington Monument?
 		 His daughter, Angelica
 		 His son, Alexander Jr.
* 		 His wife, Eliza
 		 His son, John

3. What scandalous circumstances was Hamilton born into?
His father was an actor.
*His mother was married to someone who wasn't his father.
His parents eloped without their folks' blessing.

4. Hamilton's dad:
fought those who lodged charges of bigamy towards his wife
became a successful landowner
*left the family when Hamilton was a child

5. Hamilton was orphaned at around 12 years old when his mother died. He was given up to a cousin who:
he later inherited a fortune from
*committed suicide months later
sent him to America for formal education

6. After his mother's death, a wealthy merchant named Thomas Stevens became his guardian. What do some historians speculate about their relationship?
that Hamilton and Stevens had an enduring affair
that Hamilton and Stevens were half-brothers
*that Stevens was Hamilton's biological father

7. As a teenager, Hamilton was given what large responsibility?
He had to cook his company's books.
*He was left in charge of the office he was clerking for while the owner went abroad.
He was elected mayor of St. Croix.

8. Hamilton came to America to study where?
Harvard
Columbia
*Elizabethtown Academy

10. Where did Hamilton study at university?
Princeton
Harvard
*Columbia

11. In the Revolutionary War, Hamilton was eventually asked to:
brainstorm a national anthem
*join General George Washington as an aide
stop annoying his other officers by breaking out in song

12. During the Constitutional Convention, Hamilton proposed:
that all the states should be named after native birds
*presidents and senators could serve life terms
that women should vote

13. What important document did Hamilton sign?
*the Constitution of the United States
the Declaration of Independence
both

14. Hamilton married:
*Elizabeth Schuyler, from a posh New York family
Martha Washington's niece
no one, and had a reputation as a swinging bachelor his whole life

16. Who wrote The Federalist Papers with Hamilton?
*John Jay and James Madison
John Jay and Thomas Jefferson
John Adams and James Madison

20. What position was Hamilton given in George Washington's government?
Secretary of State
*Secretary of the Treasury
Secretary of the Interior

21. Hamilton proposed:
a National Bank
a National Mint
*both

22. What party did Hamilton become the leader of?
*the Federalist Party
the Republican Party
the Democratic Party

24. To sabotage Adams' second candidacy for president, Hamilton did what?
*published a hit piece on Adams' character
promised Aaron Burr he would help elect him
threw his own hat into the nominating ring

25. Hamilton was one of the first American politicians to be embroiled in what kind of scandal:
embezzlement scandal
*sex scandal
bribery scandal

26. Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr were both tied to win the presidency in 1800. Who did Hamilton urge the Federalists to support?
neither
Hamilton
*Jefferson

27. But Hamilton wasn't done yet. How did he counter Burr once again, even after he was out of public office?
He drew a political cartoon portraying Burr as a weasel.
He had an affair with Burr's wife.
*He supported Burr's Republican opponent when Burr ran for governor of New York.


28. Aaron Burr finally challenged Hamilton to a duel over what?
the lack of endorsement in the gubernatorial election
*claims that Hamilton held a "despicable opinion" of him
a rumor that Hamilton was going to publish a pamphlet detailing Burr's ineptitude as a politician

29. Who fired shots during the duel on July 11, 1804?
*both men
only Burr
neither; Hamilton was wounded by a bullet from Burr's son

3. In the title song, "Alexander Hamilton", two people say "we fought with him". Who were they?

 Benjamin Franklin and James Jay
 *Marquis de Lafayette and Hercules Mulligan
 Hercules Mulligan and Philip Schuyler
 James Madison and John Jay

4. Which song in "Hamilton" has a section that is the fastest sung song on Broadway?

 *Guns and Ships ( Marquis de Lafayette)
 My Shot
 Ten Duel Commandments
 Cabinet Battle #1

9. Which song does King George III NOT sing?

 You'll Be Back
 *Farmer Refuted
 What Comes Next
 I Know Him

10. Who are the two characters that sing "One Last Time"?

 Marquis de Lafayette and Alexander Hamilton
 Eliza Schuyler and Alexander Hamilton
 Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton
* George Washington and Alexander Hamilton

